Server 3.2.1 release docs (#5888)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server-3-whats-new.adoc

toc::[]

== Release 3.2.1

=== Upgrade notes

From the KOTS admin console dashboard, select Version History from the menu bar and click **Deploy** for server v3.2.0.

See <<Upgrade notes>> before upgrading from v3.1.x to v3.2.x.

=== New features

> * Add support for private VMs on GCP

Author: ```suggestion
* Private VMs are now supported for installations on GCP.
```

=== Fixes

> * mTLS is disabled by default
> * Increase SSH timeout for VMs to 10 minutes
> * Private VMs now request private IPs

Author: ```suggestion
* mTLS is now disabled by default.
* SSH timeout for VMs has been increased to 10 minutes.
* Private VMs now request private IPs.
```

=== Known issues

> * KOTS admin configuration incorrectly selects the Nomad mTLS as `enabled` during setup. It should be set to mTLS `disabled` until after nomad clients have been deployed.

Reviewer: This is still an issue for 3.2.0, just not 3.2.1

Author: Yeah this is a problem with the way I have this doc formatted, there's one known issues section for all releases which clearly doesn't work. I'll fix that.

Author: Oh I'm talking nonsense, ignore me. I'll fix!
